## Meeting Date: September 22, 2024
**Time:** [6pm] - [6:30pm]  
**Venue:** [Virtual Meeting via Discord]  
**Attendees:**  (All members were present)
- [Talha Naseer (Team Leader)]
- [Muhammad Abdullah]
- [Deborah Onuosa]
- [Atharva Patil]
- [Conner Glazner]
- [Alec Slavik]  

### Meeting Purpose:
We decided a common time to meet on campus, Friday 2:55pm.
We Assigned roles.
We worked on Project Part: One


### Key Discussions & Decisions:
- **[Assigning Roles]:** Roles were assigned based on past experience, personal preference and interests. 
- **[Deciding weekly meeting time]:** Based on everyone's availabilites, Friday 2:55pm is the time we will meeting on a weekly basis. 
- **[Project Vision/Plan]:** The system will streamline library resource management, memberships, and borrowing activities with an emphasis on automation.
- **[Discussing Project Timeline]:** The timeline will include development phases such as design, testing, and deployment to ensure all functionalities are delivered on time.


### Responsibilities Assigned:
- **Project Leader:** Alec Slavik
- **Team Adminstrator:** Talha Naseer
- **Assistant Team Adminstrator:** Deborah Onuosa
- **Assistant Project Leader:** Muhammad Abdullah
- **Technical Leader:** Conner Glazner
- **Data Adminstrator:** Atharva Patil


### Action Items for Next Meeting:
- **[Task 1]:** Finalize initial design and database schema.
- **[Task 2]:** Begin documenting the project setup.

---

## Meeting Date: October 4, 2024
**Time:** 2:55pm - 3:15pm  
**Venue:** LEEP2, Floor 2 lobby   
**Attendees:**  
- [Talha Naseer (Team Leader)]
- [Muhammad Abdullah]
- [Atharva Patil]
- [Conner Glazner]
- [Alec Slavik]

- [Deborah Onuosa] — Absent due to a tour with Evergy 

### Meeting Purpose:
[Discussed Project Part 2]

### Key Discussions & Decisions:
- **[Discussed Project Part 2's description in Canvas]:** Tasks were allocated based on interests


### Responsibilities Assigned:
- **[Role 1]:** [Person Responsible]  
- **[Role 2]:** [Person Responsible]  


### Action Items for Next Meeting:
- **[Task 1]:** [Expected completion date]
- **[Task 2]:** [Expected completion date]

---

## Meeting Date: October 11, 2024
**Time:** 2:55pm - 3:15pm  
**Venue:** LEEP2, Room 2320   
**Attendees:**  
- [Talha Naseer (Team Leader)]
- [Deborah Onuosa]
- [Atharva Patil]
- [Conner Glazner]

- [Muhammad Abdullah] — Absent due to a Watkins appointment time conflict
- [Alec Slavik] — Absent due to travel commitments out of town


### Meeting Purpose:
[Project Part 2 compeletion, finalization and submission]

### Key Discussions & Decisions:
- **[Discussed Stakeholders]:** [Library Administrators, Library Members, System Administrators were decided as key stakeholders]
- **[Discussed Requirements]:** [Discussed and finalized both functional and non-functional requirements]
- **[Discussed Data Requirements]:** [Declared data entities and their attributes]
- **[Discussed User Requirements]:** [Discussed and finalized admin user and member user requirements]
- **[Discussed Hardware and Software Requirements]:** [Finalized hardware for servers, finalized operating systems, database management system, and development tools]


### Responsibilities Assigned:
- **[Role 1]:** [Person Responsible]  
- **[Role 2]:** [Person Responsible]  


### Action Items for Next Meeting:
- **[Task 1]:** [Expected completion date]
- **[Task 2]:** [Expected completion date]

---

## Meeting Date: October 18, 2024
**Time:** 2:55pm - 3:15pm  
**Venue:** LEEP2   
**Attendees:**  
- [Talha Naseer (Team Leader)]
- [Muhammad Abdullah]
- [Deborah Onuosa]
- [Atharva Patil]
- [Conner Glazner]
- [Alec Slavik]


### Meeting Purpose:
[Project Part 3 compeletion and submission]

### Key Discussions & Decisions:
- **[Discussion 1]:** [Summary]


### Responsibilities Assigned:
- **[Role 1]:** [Person Responsible]  
- **[Role 2]:** [Person Responsible]  


### Action Items for Next Meeting:
- **[Task 1]:** [Expected completion date]
- **[Task 2]:** [Expected completion date]
